
-Description and deliverables
-Pace stages:
1 Plan (understand the problem) 
2 Analyze (EDA, check model assumptions), 
3 Construct and evaluate model
4 Execute (interpret model and share story)

-PLAN STAGE:
xUnderstanding the business scenario and problem
xFamiliarize yourself with the HR dataset
xPlan Stage Reflections:
Who are your stakeholders for this project?
What are you trying to solve or accomplish?
What are your initial observations when you explore the data?
What resources do you find yourself using as you complete this stage? (Make sure to include the links.)
Do you have any ethical considerations in this stage?
-ANALYZE
EDA: wonder this:
What do you observe about the distributions in the data?
What transformations did you make with your data? Why did you chose to make those decisions?
What are some purposes of EDA before constructing a predictive model?
What resources do you find yourself using as you complete this stage? (Make sure to include the links.)
Do you have any ethical considerations in this stage?
CONSTRUCT
Determine which models are most appropriate
Construct the model
Confirm model assumptions
Evaluate model results to determine how well your model fits the data

 Reflect on these questions as you complete the constructing stage.
-Do you notice anything odd?
Which independent variables did you choose for the model and why?
Are each of the assumptions met?
How well does your model fit the data?
Can you improve it? Is there anything you would change about the model?
What resources do you find yourself using as you complete this stage? (Make sure to include the links.)
Do you have any ethical considerations in this stage?

Step 3. Model Building, Step 4. Results and Evaluation

Fit a model that predicts the outcome variable using two or more independent variables
Check model assumptions
Evaluate the model
Identify the type of prediction task.
Your goal is to predict whether an employee leaves the company, which is a categorical outcome variable. So this task involves classification. More specifically, this involves binary classification, since the outcome variable left can be either 1 (indicating employee left) or 0 (indicating employee didn't leave).

Identify the types of models most appropriate for this task.
Since the variable you want to predict (whether an employee leaves the company) is categorical, you could either build a Logistic Regression model, or a Tree-based Machine Learning model.

So you could proceed with one of the two following approaches. Or, if you'd like, you could implement both and determine how they compare.

Reflect on these questions as you complete the executing stage.
What key insights emerged from your model(s)?
What business recommendations do you propose based on the models built?
What potential recommendations would you make to your manager/company?
Do you think your model could be improved? Why or why not? How?
Given what you know about the data and the models you were using, what other questions could you address for the team?
What resources do you find yourself using as you complete this stage? (Make sure to include the links.)
Do you have any ethical considerations in this stage?

Step 4. Results and Evaluation
Interpret model
Evaluate model performance using metrics
Prepare results, visualizations, and actionable steps to share with stakeholders

Summary of model results
Logistic Regression

The logistic regression model achieved precision of 80%, recall of 83%, f1-score of 80% (all weighted averages), and accuracy of 83%, on the test set.

Tree-based Machine Learning

After conducting feature engineering, the decision tree model achieved AUC of 93.8%, precision of 87.0%, recall of 90.4%, f1-score of 88.7%, and accuracy of 96.2%, on the test set. The random forest modestly outperformed the decision tree model.